# lab-1

The objective 
General ATM finder. The application should get to public APIs to find any ATMs, marking which bank its subsidiary with(if any), and afterward likewise show alternatives that permit the client to sift through ATMs relying upon the expenses they charge on the off chance that they are not partnered with your monetary establishment.Different thoughts considered were finding e-garbage removal zones and public washroom finders.Gathering agreement basically was what concluded that the ATM application was the thing we were pushing ahead with.Members went with their favored method of correspondence. While many visited over voice numerous thoughts were being proposed and talked about in content visit too, with the discussion changing relying upon which thought/explanation in each was the current point.The thought was suggested that we would part into groups that would deal with the front end and back end execution of this application. It depicts the subteams extent of duties, so on the off chance that anybody with front end experience needs to toll in on that. Determining first where the application is going to be facilitated. Cloud facilitating was proposed first because of straightforward entry for clients, yet mixture facilitating was talked about as another choice too. Points of interest on information base utilized, quantities of VMs and worker/application VMs and firewalls were not examined at this point.
Honestly at first, I was not ok with working with groups because of the time. When it comes to group work, there are a couple of people who don't want to do the work and we as the group got to hustle to do their part. But as we went through with the lab work, everyone i can say did their part and gave out ideas.
